Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
These are the days of our great lament.
The land thirsts.
A great plague infests our crops.
The scourge of sickness
afflicts us at whim.
They say this strife has made us weak.
That we have become empty.
They say that we rot.
Great people of the banner of the sun...
I say...
...we are strong.
We are a people of destiny.
Destined to be the masters of time.
Destined to be nearest to the gods.
Mighty Kukulkan!
Whose fury could scorch
this earth to oblivion...
Let us appease you with this sacrifice.
To exalt you in your glory.
To make our people prosper.
To prepare for your return.
Warrior. unafraid and willing!
With your blood you renew the world!
From age to age.
Thanks be to you.
The heart of god!
Come back to me.
Brother...
Journey well...
No.
I can't go.
Not now...
People of the banner
of the sun do not fear.
Rejoice!
Kukulkan has drunk his fill of blood.
We have sated his thirst.
Great god.
Show us that you are pleased.
Let your light return upon us.
What of these captives?
Dispose of them.
I need a finisher.
You.
Release them.
You watch.
I'm ready!
There's your jungle beyond the corn.
Go to it.
You're free...
...now run.
I said run.
Run!
Not bad.
Your turn.
Run.
Run!
Sleep.
Sleep. sleep now my son.
The pain will be no more.
Sleep.
He didn't come this way.
He's in the trees.
Spread out.
Keep your eyes up.
Quiet.
He's coming right at us.
There!
He would have wanted me to have it.
The omen is bad...
Mighty Ek Chuah we beg you...
Forgive us for this trespass
against your son the Jaguar.
The omen is bad...
Lift yourself up Drunkards Four...
...the omen was foretold...
...and now we have a fear more grave...
...today I saw the day
become like night...
I saw a man run with the Jaguar...
...we must not let this man
make feet from us.
Enough.
Your words mean nothing.
He runs because he is afraid.
When I catch him.
I will peel his skin...
...and have him watch me wear it.
We leave now.
Stay back.
Here!
The omen was bad...
He's fucked.
Help... please...
Hanging Moss...
See him out.
Open your veins. It's quicker.
Travel well.
So much for your prophecies.
It's not over!
I am Jaguar Paw...
Son of Flint Sky...
My father hunted
this forest before me...
My name is Jaguar Paw.
I am a hunter.
This is my forest.
And my sons will hunt it
with their sons after I am gone...
Come on!
We are going over.
We climb down around.
We cannot let him get away.
We cannot afford...
We all jump.
I am Jaguar Paw.
This is my forest.
And I am not afraid.
You go. I'll wait here.
Almost...
Resting fathers. fly me your strength.
Get up here.
Go back!
Quick!
Hurry up!
What are they?
They bring men.
Should we go to them?
We should go to the forest.
To seek a new beginning.
Come Turtles Run...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org